Shen Guangrong is fucking you
This time I want you to die here
Not going yet
Doesn't it look like a chartered car?
Mr. Zhuo, why are you here?
Did you betray Zhongxia Liang Qin Zemo's wife?
The wise man is in charge
And that was my realization.
Knowing that he is defeated, he will come to die
This is the stupidest thing to do.
The biggest reason is
I'm going to take the fame I lost before
Get it all back from you
You are a warrior
Candidates for future successor warriors
Just because you can't defeat Mr. Shen
So I will betray Zhu Xia and destroy Mr. Shen
You have no idea what you're about to face
What is it that makes you dare to speak out?
Forget it, it's pointless to tell you so much
Wait for these ups and downs
How can you understand that the mountain lord is majestic
Now you understand that our car is big
Come and surrender soon
At the feet of our noble bloodline
I submit to you
Love has you, you betrayed the glory of the Temple of War
You don't deserve to be a middle-class person
You don't deserve to be a subordinate in your life
Come on, you're just jealous of me
I always seize the most powerful opportunity for myself
And strong backers
Give you a choice
You will make the same choice as me
Yes.
This is the charm of the noble blood of the West
Fate is better than you
This is your seal
It's ridiculous